--ARTICLE data

INSERT INTO Article (id, main_title, short_title, content, publish_date, main_photo) VALUES
  (1, 'GENE WILDER DEAD', 'Willy Wonka star dies aged 83 following a battle with Alzheimer’s, the legendary actor’s family announce',
   'Anyone who’s read Gene Wilder’s 1970 letter about the costume suggestions for Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory to the movie’s director, Mel Stuart, let alone seen his performance in the film, knows that he was no slouch when it came to creating wise and confident solo performances.

“I don’t think of Willy as an eccentric who holds onto his 1912 Daddy’s Sunday suit and wears it in 1970,” he wrote, “but rather as just an eccentric – where there’s no telling what he’ll do or where he ever found his get-up – except that it strangely fits him … Jodhpurs to me belong more to the dancing master. But once elegant now almost baggy trousers – baggy through preoccupation with more important things – is character … The hat is terrific, but making it two inches shorter would make it more special … To match the shoes with the jacket is fey. To match the shoes with the hat is taste.”
He describes Wonka, perfectly, as “part of this world, part of another … Something mysterious, yet undefined”.
However, it was in Wilder’s collaborations that the shrewdness and generosity of this famously kind man really shone through. Willy Wonka aside, Wilder will forever be best known for his long relationships with three of the best-loved American comedians to have emerged in the 1960s and 70s: Mel Brooks, Richard Pryor and Gilda Radner. Wilder’s work with Brooks produced arguably both of their best work: The Producers, Blazing Saddles and Young Frankenstein. As a writer-director combination, they were as natural and well-matched as Tim Burton and Johnny Depp. In a PBS documentary about Brooks, Wilder was asked if he thought his initial meeting with Brooks was significant. Wilder burst out laughing: “When God spoke to Moses the first time, would you ask him, ‘Was that significant in your life?’” he replied, still chortling. “I would say it had some minor importance, yes.”
For his part, Brooks put it like this: “Everything Gene did for me was angelic and supreme.” When news of Wilder’s death broke, Brooks, now 90, tweeted: “Gene Wilder – One of the truly great talents of our time. He blessed every film we did with his magic & he blessed me with his friendship.”',
   TO_TIMESTAMP('2016-08-30 10:25:00', 'YYYY-MM-DD HH24:MI:SS'), '1.jpg');

INSERT INTO Article (id, main_title, short_title, content, publish_date, main_photo) VALUES
  (2, 'donald trump nascar north carolina republicans', 'Trump''s slump in Nascar country deepens Republican fears of defeat',
   'One month on from a precipitous collapse in Donald Trump’s poll ratings, many Republicans are no longer asking whether he can win the White House, but how badly he will lose.

Turned off by Trump: Republican mega-donors focus on congressional races
 Read more
Election models put Hillary Clinton’s chances of victory in November’s presidential election at over 80% – in the words of the New York Times, her chance of losing is about the same as the probability that an NFL kicker makes a field goal from the 20-yard line. FiveThirtyEight statistician Nate Silver predicts a 28% chance of a landslide, in which she wins the popular vote by double digits.

Pundits have been wrong about Trump before, and in recent polls he has shown some signs of recovery. A Morning Consult poll released on Sunday showed him three points down on Clinton head-to-head, a halving of the gap a week before. The realclearpolitics.com average of polls, however, had him down by six.

Answering the question of just how bad things could get for Republicans, in Senate and House races as well as the general election, requires state-by-state analysis, an assessment of congressional contests and, perhaps, a little unscientific sampling of the mood.

Among demographic stereotypes who ought to remain loyal to Trump, few stand out quite like the “Nascar dads”. In 2004, these supposedly white, male and mostly southern fans of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing were targeted by Democrats in their battle with George W Bush. In 2016, after eight years of Barack Obama, they should be a bastion of enthusiasm for Trump.

While other former swing demographics, such as “soccer moms” in the suburbs, look lost to Clinton for good, white men in America’s red states are at the heart of Trump’s support. Early on, the campaign heralded an endorsement by Nascar boss Brian France and several drivers.

Yet recently, outside the Nascar Hall of Fame in Charlotte, the mood among visiting families who spoke to the Guardian before a recent Trump rally in the city seemed at best to have stalled.

At first, Keith, a former military man from nearby Fayetteville, home to Fort Bragg, the world’s largest military base, was supportive.',
   TO_TIMESTAMP('2016-08-29 11:00:00', 'YYYY-MM-DD HH24:MI:SS'), '2.jpg');

INSERT INTO Article (id, main_title, short_title, content, publish_date, main_photo) VALUES
  (3, 'Sonia Rykiel, the French fashion designer, dies aged 86', 'Sonia Rykiel is dead',
  'French fashion designer Sonia Rykiel has died at the age of 86. Her daughter, Nathalie
  Rykiel, broke the news to the press today: My mother died at 05:00 this morning at her
  home in Paris from the effects of Parkinson’s. She was diagnosed with the diseasemore
  than 15 years ago. French President Francois Hollande praised her as a pioneer and said
   Rykiel’s designs offered women freedom of movement. Sonia Rykiel opened her first store
    in Paris in 1968 on the Left Bank. Despite becoming synonymous with knitwear,
    casual-chic and the infamous poor boy sweaters – fitted ribbed jumpers with raised
    armholes that narrowed the torso and shoulders – her legacy is more focused on
    pioneering womenswear at a time when women were expected to wear sombre tones and
    skirts. Regularly compared with Coco Chanel, both designers famously eschewed couture
     in favour of ready-to-wear clothes, encouraged women to wear trousers, made stripes
      a signature look and helped carve out Paris as a major player on the modern fashion
      map. Her manifesto urged “women to be eccentric, seductive, mysterious, and to create
       their own style', TO_TIMESTAMP('2016-08-25 13:48:00', 'YYYY-MM-DD HH24:MI:SS'), '3.jpg');

 INSERT INTO Article (id, main_title, short_title, content, publish_date, main_photo) VALUES
   (4, 'Are expensive wines worth the money?', 'Not every £100 bottle tastes better than a £20 one', 'If you had around £100 to spend on an evening’s entertainment for two, what would it get you? It might stretch to a night at the cinema followed by a simple meal in a curry house or chain restaurant. Provided you go easy on the drinks, it may just cover a night’s clubbing and a taxi home. And depending on the teams, it might get you two seats high up in the stands at a Premier League game, plus a couple of substandard pints and a gristly half-time hot dog each, if you’re lucky.

 In each of those cases, the chances of a truly memorable evening (the genuinely great film; the riveting 4-3 scoreline; the mind-altering DJ set and up-for-it crowd) are not, if we’re honest, all that great. More likely you’ll have forgotten all about the night’s events by the following week. And yet only the most unforgiving puritan would condemn you for splashing out on these inessential fripperies. Nobody would brand you a decadent snob or a fool.

 Split that £100 with a mate on a bottle of wine, however, and you’d better be braced for sanctimony and ridicule. Never mind that those rare occasions when I have done just have provided at least as much pleasure, in their way, as the greatest films or football matches. To even contemplate spending so much on a bottle of wine is, for many, always going to be Bullingdon Club obscene.

 It’s not just the price tag that gets people’s goat. It’s more that they can’t see how it translates into tangible differences in quality. People hear about the trophy-winning £5 Spanish red beating wines 10 times the price in taste tests. Or they skim-read a news story where experts can’t tell the difference between a £50 and a £5 bottle. And they sniff a bouquet of rat, with notes of emperor’s new clothes: the scent of a con perpetuated on credulous snobs.

 As with all conspiracy theories, this is difficult to argue against. If you’ve never tried a wine over £20, or have done but been left thinking “meh”, you only have the word of an oenophile like me to go on that the differences can be profound. And it’s not easy to explain why a bottle of wine should ever cost more than £20, let alone as much as £100 or even £1,000.', TO_TIMESTAMP('2016-08-21 13:00:00', 'YYYY-MM-DD HH24:MI:SS'), '4.jpg');

INSERT INTO Article (id, main_title, short_title, content, publish_date, main_photo) VALUES
  (5, 'UK staycations grow in strength as pound weakens', 'Visit England looks to build on rising number of Britons taking bank holiday break at home as exchange rates and terror attacks deter foreign travel', 'The government is to launch a tourism action plan including cutting red tape for B&Bs and ready-made train tours as an increasing number of Brits take bank holiday breaks in the UK.

Just over 5 million Britons are planning a staycation in the UK over the weekend, 6% more than last year, according to Visit England, the tourism promotion body, after a fall in the value of the pound against the dollar and the euro in the wake of the EU referendum vote.

The expected surge comes after a record-breaking first four months of the year for domestic holiday trips in England. From January to April Britons took 11m holiday trips, 8% more than during the same period last year, according to Visit England. They spent £2.8bn, 22% up on last year, more than ever before.

That continued a strong year in 2015 for staycations when the number of trips and the amount spent both rose 7% on the previous year.

The prime minister, Theresa May, who chose to holiday in the Swiss Alps this month, said: “Tourism is vitally important to the UK and the sector goes from strength to strength. Our stunning scenery, centuries-old monuments and cultural traditions continue to draw visitors from both home and abroad.”

The government action plan will include internationally promoted rail travel deals, with five easily bookable itineraries that will help tourists get around the UK, although it’s not clear if they will be assured a seat.

There will also be changes to regulations to let B&Bs offer visitors a welcome drink without the need for an alcohol licence, or to pick up guests from a station without applying to become a taxi service.', TO_TIMESTAMP('2016-08-26 00:01:00', 'YYYY-MM-DD HH24:MI:SS'), '5.jpg');

--AUTHOR data

INSERT INTO Author (id, first_name, last_name) VALUES (2, 'Ann', 'Turick');
INSERT INTO Author (id, first_name, last_name) VALUES (3, 'Katarzyna', 'Karach');
INSERT INTO Author (id, first_name, last_name) VALUES (4, 'Veronika', 'Ezepchik');
INSERT INTO Author (id, first_name, last_name) VALUES (5, 'Juliya', 'Varabei');

--ACCOUNT data

INSERT INTO Account (login, password) VALUES ('Khadunai', 46792755);
INSERT INTO Account (login, password) VALUES ('KatKarach', 46792755);
INSERT INTO Account (login, password) VALUES ('Turick', 46792755);
INSERT INTO Account (login, password) VALUES ('Ezepchik', 46792755);

--TAG data

INSERT INTO Tag (id, name) VALUES (1, 'economics');
INSERT INTO Tag (id, name) VALUES (2, 'business');
INSERT INTO Tag (id, name) VALUES (3, 'fashion');
INSERT INTO Tag (id, name) VALUES (4, 'stars');
INSERT INTO Tag (id, name) VALUES (5, 'entertainment');

--COMMENTS data

INSERT INTO Comments (article_id, user_login, publish_date, content)
VALUES (3, 'KatKarach',
TO_TIMESTAMP('2016-08-25 14:40:00', 'YYYY-MM-DD HH24:MI:SS'), 'She was adorable');
INSERT INTO Comments (article_id, user_login, publish_date, content)
VALUES (3, 'Khadunai',
TO_TIMESTAMP('2016-08-25 14:42:00', 'YYYY-MM-DD HH24:MI:SS'), 'So sorry');
INSERT INTO Comments (article_id, user_login, publish_date, content)
VALUES (4, 'KatKarach',
TO_TIMESTAMP('2016-08-21 14:30:00', 'YYYY-MM-DD HH24:MI:SS'), 'Both variants are good');
INSERT INTO Comments (article_id, user_login, publish_date, content)
VALUES (4, 'Khadunai',
TO_TIMESTAMP('2016-08-25 15:00:00', 'YYYY-MM-DD HH24:MI:SS'), 'ATATTAT');

--ARTICLE-TAG data

INSERT INTO Article_Tag (article_id, tag_id) VALUES (3, 3);
INSERT INTO Article_Tag (article_id, tag_id) VALUES (3, 4);
INSERT INTO Article_Tag (article_id, tag_id) VALUES (4, 5);
INSERT INTO Article_Tag (article_id, tag_id) VALUES (5, 1);
INSERT INTO Article_Tag (article_id, tag_id) VALUES (5, 2);

--ARTICLE-AUTHOR data

INSERT INTO Article_Author (article_id, author_id) VALUES (1, 1);
INSERT INTO Article_Author (article_id, author_id) VALUES (2, 1);
INSERT INTO Article_Author (article_id, author_id) VALUES (3, 2);
INSERT INTO Article_Author (article_id, author_id) VALUES (3, 3);
INSERT INTO Article_Author (article_id, author_id) VALUES (4, 2);
INSERT INTO Article_Author (article_id, author_id) VALUES (4, 3);
INSERT INTO Article_Author (article_id, author_id) VALUES (4, 4);
INSERT INTO Article_Author (article_id, author_id) VALUES (5, 5);